- Part of being a good developer
is understanding what you need to learn
and what you need to stay up to date on.
So I want to talk about how this course will prepare you
for the day-to-day operations as a developer.
Please keep in mind that this course will not make you
all knowledgeable about writing secure code.
This course is aimed at giving you the information
and support that you need to write more secure code.
In fact, this is one of my primary goals for you.
There is no way to say you are a secure developer.
What I want you to take away is the ability
to be called a security-minded developer.
Another goal is to prepare you
to be the champion for security practices on your team.
What I've found in both
my personal experiences around security
and through discussions with others
is that for a team to really embrace any
sort of culture of security, you need a champion.
Now, this champion can come from anywhere in the team.
But in my opinion, the single most effective place
for a champion is within the ranks of development.
Right or wrong, developers tend
to listen to other developers more
than anyone else on the team.
In addition, forcing culture on a team seldom works.
This is why I believe the developer
is the single most effective person on the team.
They are listened to and they can be
the grassroots driver of change.
The third goal that I have
is that you become a more effective reviewer.
This may sound strange at first,
but if you work on a development team,
you can only write a portion of the code on your team.
So while you may be great
at writing code that is more secure,
your personal impact in the overall code base
is smaller than that of the whole team.
In most teams, several developers are part
of the code review or pull request.
So your impact can be dramatically increased
by simply being engaged in code reviews
from a security perspective.
Now, if you're not a developer,
you may wonder what value this course can have for you.
If you are a development manager,
you need to understand what your team is doing,
what your team is spending time on,
and what risks they are trying to resolve.
If you're a project manager or a scrum leader,
you also need to know why a development task may take longer
because of the security concerns.
And if you are a quality assurance or quality
control person for a team,
you can leverage this knowledge of exploits
and attack vectors to write more effective tests.
And that's the ultimate challenge,
realizing that security has a place for everyone
on the development team and embracing it.